Fostering Global collaboration want your team to be a well-oiled machine.
Strong team bonds mean less turnover more productivity and easier problem
solving. Here are four building blocks to Foster team alignment, your team,
building blocks action, steps, 1 shared goals. Make sure everyone knows their
specific contribution to the big picture, think a shared dashboard in workday,
where everyone sees progress too. Transparent progress and shared tools like
smartsheet or Lucid. This keeps everyone in the loop, no matter their times
Zone, 3 celebration recognize achievements. And Milestones across time zones,
use tools, like bonusly to give virtual high fives and reinforce team. Unity 4
virtual bonding schedule fun informal. Gatherings think virtual coffee breaks
quick chats or even online games. This builds Rapport and makes working
together more enjoyable scenario based. Decision, your team is struggling with
transparency, which strategy would you apply? First a schedule a mandatory long
meeting to discuss everything be start. Documenting progress in a shared tool
and encouraged team members to update it. See, tell everyone to just be more
transparent, hint option b, gives a concrete tool and action.